1xx: Informational responses
2xx: Success responses
3xx: Redirection responses
4xx: Client error responses
5xx: Server error responses









1xx: Informational
100 Continue: The initial part of a request has been received and the client should continue with the request.
101 Switching Protocols: The server is switching protocols as requested by the client.
2xx: Success
200 OK: The request was successful and the server returned the requested data.
201 Created: The request was successful and a new resource was created.
202 Accepted: The request has been accepted for processing, but the processing is not complete.
203 Non-Authoritative Information: The request was successful, but the returned meta-information is not from the origin server.
204 No Content: The request was successful, but there is no content to send in the response.
205 Reset Content: The request was successful, and the client should reset the document view.
206 Partial Content: The server is delivering only part of the resource due to a range header sent by the client.
3xx: Redirection
300 Multiple Choices: The request has more than one possible response.
301 Moved Permanently: The resource has been permanently moved to a new URI.
302 Found: The resource resides temporarily under a different URI.
303 See Other: The response to the request can be found under a different URI using a GET method.
304 Not Modified: The resource has not been modified since the last request.
305 Use Proxy: The requested resource must be accessed through the specified proxy.
306 Switch Proxy: No longer used. Originally meant subsequent requests should use the specified proxy.
307 Temporary Redirect: The resource resides temporarily under a different URI.
308 Permanent Redirect: The resource has been permanently moved to a new URI, and future requests should use the new URI.
4xx: Client Error
400 Bad Request: The server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax.
401 Unauthorized: Authentication is required and has failed or has not been provided.
402 Payment Required: Reserved for future use. Originally intended for payment systems.
403 Forbidden: The server understood the request but refuses to authorize it.
404 Not Found: The requested resource could not be found.
405 Method Not Allowed: The request method is not allowed for the requested resource.
406 Not Acceptable: The requested resource is not capable of generating content acceptable according to the Accept headers sent in the request.
407 Proxy Authentication Required: The client must authenticate with the proxy.
408 Request Timeout: The server timed out waiting for the request.
409 Conflict: The request could not be processed due to a conflict with the current state of the resource.
410 Gone: The resource requested is no longer available and will not be available again.
411 Length Required: The server refuses to accept the request without a defined Content-Length.
412 Precondition Failed: The server does not meet one of the preconditions specified in the request headers.
413 Payload Too Large: The request is larger than the server is willing or able to process.
414 URI Too Long: The URI provided was too long for the server to process.
415 Unsupported Media Type: The media type of the request is not supported by the server.
416 Range Not Satisfiable: The range specified in the request cannot be fulfilled.
417 Expectation Failed: The server cannot meet the requirements of the Expect request-header field.
418 I'm a teapot: Any attempt to instruct a teapot to do anything other than brew coffee should be responded to with "I'm a teapot". (April Fools' joke from RFC 2324)
421 Misdirected Request: The request was directed at a server that is not able to produce a response.
422 Unprocessable Entity: The request was well-formed but was unable to be followed due to semantic errors.
423 Locked: The resource that is being accessed is locked.
424 Failed Dependency: The request failed due to failure of a previous request.
425 Too Early: The server is unwilling to risk processing a request that might be replayed.
426 Upgrade Required: The server refuses to perform the request using the current protocol but might be willing to do so after the client upgrades to a different protocol.
427 Unassigned: Reserved for future use.
428 Precondition Required: The server requires the request to be conditional.
429 Too Many Requests: The user has sent too many requests in a given amount of time.
431 Request Header Fields Too Large: The server is unwilling to process the request because its header fields are too large.
451 Unavailable For Legal Reasons: The requested resource is unavailable due to legal reasons.
5xx: Server Error
500 Internal Server Error: The server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request.
501 Not Implemented: The server does not support the functionality required to fulfill the request.
502 Bad Gateway: The server received an invalid response from an upstream server.
503 Service Unavailable: The server is currently unable to handle the request due to temporary overload or maintenance.
504 Gateway Timeout: The server did not receive a timely response from an upstream server.
505 HTTP Version Not Supported: The server does not support the HTTP protocol version that was used in the request.
506 Variant Also Negotiates: The server has an internal configuration error: the chosen variant resource is configured to engage in content negotiation itself, and is therefore not a proper end-point.
507 Insufficient Storage: The server is unable to store the representation needed to complete the request.
508 Loop Detected: The server detected an infinite loop while processing a request.
510 Not Extended: Further extensions to the request are required for the server to fulfill it.